Consistently define inputs and outputs for algorithms in CRUD sections (#145)
dcdpr/did-btc1: chapters/CRUD-Operations.md

### Create

The Create operation consists of two main algorithms for creating identifiers
and DID Documents. A **did:btc1** identifier and DID document can either be created
deterministically from a cryptographic key or externally from an intermediate
DID document. In both cases, DID creation can be undertaken in an offline manner,
i.e., the DID controller does not need to interact with the Bitcoin network to
create their DID.

> #### Deterministic Key Pair Creation

Author: Yeah, I totally see that. I had the same initial reaction, but re-read it within the context of "the DID Creation section" and thought maybe it would align mentally as "this is the Creation of a DID Deterministically using a Key Pair."

That said, I see the flaws here :sweat_smile: I think "Create from Deterministic Key Pair" is getting closer. What about just "Deterministic Key Pair" Since this is a 4 hashtag sub heading under the Create heading?

> #### Deterministic Key Pair Creation

Author: and by that I mean, if the reader is framed mentally in the context of "I am reading about how to create DID BTC1 identifiers, thus this sub section is all about how to do that deterministically using a key pair." Idk maybe that's a stretch.

1. Set `initialDocument` to the result of passing `did` into the [Read] algorithm.
1. Return `did` and `initialDocument`.

> #### External Intermediate DID Document Creation

Reviewer: Okay, I am happy to go with your suggestion @jintekc

The External Intermediate DID Document Creation algorithm enables the ability 

> to create a **did:btc1** from some intermediate DID document. This allows for

Reviewer: in the terminology

> to create a **did:btc1** from some intermediate DID document. This allows for

Author: :100:

> to create a **did:btc1** from some intermediate DID document. This allows for

Author: I can give it a go in this PR

1. Set `initialDocument` to the result of passing `did` into the [Read] algorithm.
1. Return `did` and `initialDocument`.

#### From External Intermediate DID Document

> The From External ::Intermediate DID Document:: Creation algorithm enables the ability 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The From External ::Intermediate DID Document:: algorithm enables the ability 
```

I think remove this?

to create a **did:btc1** from some intermediate DID document. This allows for a
more complex ::Initial DID Document::, including the ability to include
Service Endpoints and ::Beacons:: that support aggregation.

It takes the following inputs:

> * `intermediateDocument`: any arbitrary, valid DID document with all `identifier`
>    fields (e.g., the id field) replaced with the placeholder value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `intermediateDocument`: any arbitrary, valid DID document with the `identifier`
   replaced with the placeholder value throughout all fields (e.g. the id field)
```

Reviewer: I think this is clearer. Because there are times where e.g. vm.id = <identifier>#key-1. Which should go to <placeholder>#key-1

### Read

The Read operation is an algorithm consisting of a series of subroutine algorithms
executed by a resolver after a resolution request identifying a specific
**did:btc1** `identifier` is received from a client at ::Resolution Time::.
The request MUST always contain the resolutionOptions object containing additional
information to be used in resolution. This object MAY be empty. 
The resolver then attempts to resolve the
DID document of the `identifier` at a specific ::Target Time::. The
::Target Time:: is either provided in `resolutionOptions` or is set to the
::Resolution Time:: of the request.

It takes the following inputs:
* `identifier`: a valid **did:btc1** identifier
* `resolutionOptions`: an optional object containing the following options
   * `versionId`: the version of the identifier and/or DID document
   * `versionTime`: a timestamp used during resolution as a bound for when to
      stop resolving

>    * `sidecarData`: data necessary for resolving a DID such as SMT proofs or a
>       list of CIDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `sidecarData`: data necessary for resolving a DID such as ::DID Update Payloads:: and ::SMT proofs::.
```
